---
layout: post
title: "Welcome!"
date: 2025-01-31T09:49:03Z
authors: ["elyoth_harian"]
categories: ["Presentation", "Trip", "Korea"]
description: Who am I? Why this blog? Discover my story and follow me on my journey as a software engineer in South Korea.
thumbnail: "/assets/images/gen/blog/blog-1-thumbnail.webp"
image: "/assets/images/gen/blog/blog-1-hero.webp"
comments: true

meta_title: Welcome!
meta_description: Discover my story and follow me on my journey as a software engineer in South Korea.
meta_image: "/assets/images/og/og-twitter-blog-image.webp"
---

Hello! I'm Elyoth Harian, a software engineer who's about to trade croissants for kimchi.

My life has always been a long, quiet river. I've always accepted the opportunities that came my way. I always got good grades at school, was chosen for my first choices at university. I accepted a great internship I was offered at Sagemcom, and a great first job at Thales. Things could have ended there. But it didn't. In 2017, I met my wife, whose lifestyle was radically different from mine. This South Korean woman had traveled extensively in her life and lived in countries other than her own, including the Philippines, Australia and France. And that's where the story begins. After seven years together, I want to experience the feeling of discovering a whole new culture.

## Why this blog?

I've decided to create a blog and post articles about my experiences. This blog will not only be a means of sharing my discoveries, encounters and learnings, but also a platform for exchanging ideas with other travel and culture enthusiasts. 

Recounting my adventures will enable me not only to keep a record of these memorable moments, but also to inspire others to step out 
of their comfort zone and explore the world with fresh eyes. The idea of interacting with readers from diverse backgrounds, receiving their feedback and maybe even meeting them one day adds an exciting dimension to this project. Each article will be a new page in this adventure, which has only just begun.

I am also passionate about software engineering and I want to share my learnings with you.

## South Korea

Now, why South Korea? As I said earlier, my wife is South Korean and I've been there many times. It's really quite an incredible atmosphere.  And I invite everyone to come there at least once in their lives. Between the gastronomy, the tradition and the technology, it's quite incredible to feel it from the inside.

## What will you find here?

I've never been very good at writing, but it's always nice to lend myself to the exercise. In this blog, I'll be sharing my experiences as an expat with you, as well as discussing tech, project management, productivity and critical thinking. What I do, I do for myself, of course, but I'll be happy to discuss and debate with you on all kinds of subjects.
